[pigeon] fixes Java generator uses wrong style for enum values (#2418)
flutter/packages: packages/pigeon/CHANGELOG.md

## 3.2.7

> * [java] fixes generator uses wrong style (camelCase) for enum values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [java] Changes style for enum values from camel-case to snake-case.
```
